DOCS-2051: Add attribute config for telegraf sensor (#2745)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/data/capture/performance-metrics.md

1. Go to your machine's **Config** page and click **Create component**.
2. Then select the `viam:viam-sensor:telegrafsensor` model from the [`viam-telegraf-sensor` module](https://app.viam.com/module/viam/viam-telegraf-sensor).
3. Click **Add module**, then enter a name for your sensor, for example `my-telegrafsensor`, and click **Create**.
4. To enable or disable specific metrics, add them to the attributes configuration.
   For example:

   ```json
   {
     "disable_kernel": true
   }
   ```

>    For all the configuration options see [the module documentation](https://github.com/viamrobotics/viam-telegraf-sensor?tab=readme-ov-file#attributes).

Reviewer: Opt nit: clarifying specific module docs, not "docs for modules" (like /registry/module is what I thought of first).

```suggestion
   See [the `telegrafsensor` module documentation](https://github.com/viamrobotics/viam-telegraf-sensor?tab=readme-ov-file#attributes) for the full list of attributes available.
```
